docs/report/testpmd_performance_tests/packet_throughput_graphs/l2.rst, before:

L2 Ethernet Looping
===================

Following sections provide a summary of VPP Phy-to-Phy L2 Ethernet Looping
performance illustrating NDR throughput (zero packet loss) and PDR throughput
(<0.5% packet loss). Performance is reported for Testpmd running in multiple
Testpmd worker thread (a.k.a. VPP data plane thread) and physical CPU core
configurations.

Title of each graph is a regex (regular expression) matching plotted
test cases.

.. note::

    Sources of test results data: i) FD.io executor jobs `csit-dpdk-perf-1701-all
    <https://jenkins.fd.io/view/csit/job/csit-dpdk-perf-1701-all/>`_ and
    `csit-dpdk-perf-1701-long
    <https://jenkins.fd.io/view/csit/job/csit-dpdk-perf-1701-long/>`_, ii)
    FD.io jobs archieved result files.

NDR Throughput
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

NDR throughput of Testpmd - running in configuration of **one worker thread
(1t) on one physical core (1c)** - is presented in the figure below.

.. raw:: html

    <iframe width="700" height="700" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" src="../../_static/testpmd/64B-1t1c-l2-ndrdisc.html"></iframe>

*Figure 1. Testpmd 1thread 1core - NDR Throughput for Phy-to-Phy L2 Ethernet
Looping.*

CSIT test cases used to generate results presented above can be found in CSIT
git repository by filtering with specified regex as follows:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ csit/dpdk-tests/perf
    $ grep -E "64B-1t1c-(eth|dot1q|dot1ad)-(l2xcbase|l2bdbasemaclrn)-ndrdisc" *

    10ge2p1x520-eth-l2xcbase-ndrdisc.robot:| tc01-64B-1t1c-eth-l2xcbase-ndrdisc

NDR throughput of Testpmd - running in configuration of **two worker threads
(2t) on two physical cores (2c)** - is presented in the figure below.

.. raw:: html

    <iframe width="700" height="700" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" src="../../_static/testpmd/64B-2t2c-l2-ndrdisc.html"></iframe>

*Figure 2. Testpmd 2threads 2cores - NDR Throughput for Phy-to-Phy L2 Ethernet
Looping.*

CSIT test cases used to generate results presented above can be found in CSIT
git repository by filtering with specified regex as follows:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ csit/dpdk-tests/perf
    $ grep -E "64B-2t2c-(eth|dot1q|dot1ad)-(l2xcbase|l2bdbasemaclrn)-ndrdisc" *

    10ge2p1x520-eth-l2xcbase-ndrdisc.robot:| tc07-64B-2t2c-eth-l2xcbase-ndrdisc

NDR throughput of Testpmd - running in configuration of **four worker threads
(4t) on four physical cores (4c)** - is presented in the figure below.

.. raw:: html

    <iframe width="700" height="700" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" src="../../_static/testpmd/64B-4t4c-l2-ndrdisc.html"></iframe>

*Figure 3. Testpmd 4threads 4cores - NDR Throughput for Phy-to-Phy L2 Ethernet
Looping.*

CSIT test cases used to generate results presented above can be found in CSIT
git repository by filtering with specified regex as follows:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ csit/dpdk-tests/perf
    $ grep -E "64B-4t4c-(eth|dot1q|dot1ad)-(l2xcbase|l2bdbasemaclrn)-ndrdisc" *

    10ge2p1x520-eth-l2xcbase-ndrdisc.robot:| tc13-64B-4t4c-eth-l2xcbase-ndrdisc

PDR Throughput
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

PDR throughput of Testpmd - running in configuration of **one worker thread
(1t) on one physical core (1c)** - is presented in the figure below. PDR at
below 0.5% packet loss ratio.

.. raw:: html

    <iframe width="700" height="700" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" src="../../_static/testpmd/64B-1t1c-l2-pdrdisc.html"></iframe>

*Figure 4. Testpmd 1thread 1core - PDR Throughput for Phy-to-Phy L2 Ethernet
Looping.*

CSIT test cases used to generate results presented above can be found in CSIT
git repository by filtering with specified regex as follows:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ csit/tests/perf
    $ grep -E "64B-1t1c-(eth|dot1q|dot1ad)-(l2xcbase|l2bdbasemaclrn)-pdrdisc" *

    10ge2p1x520-eth-l2xcbase-ndrdisc.robot:| tc02-64B-1t1c-eth-l2xcbase-pdrdisc

PDR throughput of Testpmd - running in configuration of **two worker threads
(2t) on two physical cores (2c)** - is presented in the figure below.

.. raw:: html

    <iframe width="700" height="700" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" src="../../_static/testpmd/64B-2t2c-l2-pdrdisc.html"></iframe>

*Figure 5. Testpmd 2thread 2core - PDR Throughput for Phy-to-Phy L2 Ethernet
Looping.*

CSIT test cases used to generate results presented above can be found in CSIT
git repository by filtering with specified regex as follows:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ csit/tests/perf
    $ grep -E "64B-2t2c-(eth|dot1q|dot1ad)-(l2xcbase|l2bdbasemaclrn)-pdrdisc" *

    10ge2p1x520-eth-l2xcbase-ndrdisc.robot:| tc08-64B-2t2c-eth-l2xcbase-pdrdisc

PDR throughput of Testpmd - running in configuration of **four worker threads
(4t) on four physical cores (4c)** - is presented in the figure below.

.. raw:: html

    <iframe width="700" height="700" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" src="../../_static/testpmd/64B-4t4c-l2-pdrdisc.html"></iframe>

*Figure 6. Testpmd 4thread 4core - PDR Throughput for Phy-to-Phy L2 Ethernet
Looping.*

CSIT test cases used to generate results presented above can be found in CSIT
git repository by filtering with specified regex as follows:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ csit/tests/perf
    $ grep -E "64B-4t4c-(eth|dot1q|dot1ad)-(l2xcbase|l2bdbasemaclrn)-pdrdisc" *

    10ge2p1x520-eth-l2xcbase-ndrdisc.robot:| tc14-64B-4t4c-eth-l2xcbase-pdrdisc

Commit message:

csit rls1701 report nits and updates: - Completed paragraph for each thput and latency graph in report describing: graphs title, x-axis, y-axis, legend.
Change-Id: Ia45e2da2623b909123f6b3d4abe65e6caf72e058
Signed-off-by: Maciek Konstantynowicz <mkonstan@cisco.com>
(cherry picked from commit 1fcfc9bcc91c9bf9f1ab10fab898efc0d8c1e25f)

docs/report/testpmd_performance_tests/packet_throughput_graphs/l2.rst, after:

L2 Ethernet Looping
===================

Following sections provide a summary of VPP Phy-to-Phy L2 Ethernet Looping
performance illustrating NDR throughput (zero packet loss) and PDR throughput
(<0.5% packet loss). Performance is reported for Testpmd running in multiple
Testpmd worker thread (a.k.a. VPP data plane thread) and physical CPU core
configurations.

*Title of each graph* is a regex (regular expression) matching all plotted
throughput test cases, *X-axis labels* are indeces of csit-dpdk-perf-1701 jobs
that created result output files used as data sources for the graph,
*Y-axis labels* are measured Packets Per Second [pps] values, and the *graph
legend* identifes the plotted test suites.

.. note::

    Sources of test results data: i) FD.io executor jobs `csit-dpdk-perf-1701-all
    <https://jenkins.fd.io/view/csit/job/csit-dpdk-perf-1701-all/>`_ and
    `csit-dpdk-perf-1701-long
    <https://jenkins.fd.io/view/csit/job/csit-dpdk-perf-1701-long/>`_, ii)
    FD.io jobs archieved result files.

NDR Throughput
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

NDR throughput of Testpmd - running in configuration of **one worker thread
(1t) on one physical core (1c)** - is presented in the figure below.

.. raw:: html

    <iframe width="700" height="700" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" src="../../_static/testpmd/64B-1t1c-l2-ndrdisc.html"></iframe>

*Figure 1. Testpmd 1thread 1core - NDR Throughput for Phy-to-Phy L2 Ethernet
Looping.*

CSIT test cases used to generate results presented above can be found in CSIT
git repository by filtering with specified regex as follows:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ csit/dpdk-tests/perf
    $ grep -E "64B-1t1c-(eth|dot1q|dot1ad)-(l2xcbase|l2bdbasemaclrn)-ndrdisc" *

    10ge2p1x520-eth-l2xcbase-ndrdisc.robot:| tc01-64B-1t1c-eth-l2xcbase-ndrdisc

NDR throughput of Testpmd - running in configuration of **two worker threads
(2t) on two physical cores (2c)** - is presented in the figure below.

.. raw:: html

    <iframe width="700" height="700" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" src="../../_static/testpmd/64B-2t2c-l2-ndrdisc.html"></iframe>

*Figure 2. Testpmd 2threads 2cores - NDR Throughput for Phy-to-Phy L2 Ethernet
Looping.*

CSIT test cases used to generate results presented above can be found in CSIT
git repository by filtering with specified regex as follows:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ csit/dpdk-tests/perf
    $ grep -E "64B-2t2c-(eth|dot1q|dot1ad)-(l2xcbase|l2bdbasemaclrn)-ndrdisc" *

    10ge2p1x520-eth-l2xcbase-ndrdisc.robot:| tc07-64B-2t2c-eth-l2xcbase-ndrdisc

NDR throughput of Testpmd - running in configuration of **four worker threads
(4t) on four physical cores (4c)** - is presented in the figure below.

.. raw:: html

    <iframe width="700" height="700" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" src="../../_static/testpmd/64B-4t4c-l2-ndrdisc.html"></iframe>

*Figure 3. Testpmd 4threads 4cores - NDR Throughput for Phy-to-Phy L2 Ethernet
Looping.*

CSIT test cases used to generate results presented above can be found in CSIT
git repository by filtering with specified regex as follows:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ csit/dpdk-tests/perf
    $ grep -E "64B-4t4c-(eth|dot1q|dot1ad)-(l2xcbase|l2bdbasemaclrn)-ndrdisc" *

    10ge2p1x520-eth-l2xcbase-ndrdisc.robot:| tc13-64B-4t4c-eth-l2xcbase-ndrdisc

PDR Throughput
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

PDR throughput of Testpmd - running in configuration of **one worker thread
(1t) on one physical core (1c)** - is presented in the figure below. PDR at
below 0.5% packet loss ratio.

.. raw:: html

    <iframe width="700" height="700" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" src="../../_static/testpmd/64B-1t1c-l2-pdrdisc.html"></iframe>

*Figure 4. Testpmd 1thread 1core - PDR Throughput for Phy-to-Phy L2 Ethernet
Looping.*

CSIT test cases used to generate results presented above can be found in CSIT
git repository by filtering with specified regex as follows:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ csit/tests/perf
    $ grep -E "64B-1t1c-(eth|dot1q|dot1ad)-(l2xcbase|l2bdbasemaclrn)-pdrdisc" *

    10ge2p1x520-eth-l2xcbase-ndrdisc.robot:| tc02-64B-1t1c-eth-l2xcbase-pdrdisc

PDR throughput of Testpmd - running in configuration of **two worker threads
(2t) on two physical cores (2c)** - is presented in the figure below.

.. raw:: html

    <iframe width="700" height="700" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" src="../../_static/testpmd/64B-2t2c-l2-pdrdisc.html"></iframe>

*Figure 5. Testpmd 2thread 2core - PDR Throughput for Phy-to-Phy L2 Ethernet
Looping.*

CSIT test cases used to generate results presented above can be found in CSIT
git repository by filtering with specified regex as follows:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ csit/tests/perf
    $ grep -E "64B-2t2c-(eth|dot1q|dot1ad)-(l2xcbase|l2bdbasemaclrn)-pdrdisc" *

    10ge2p1x520-eth-l2xcbase-ndrdisc.robot:| tc08-64B-2t2c-eth-l2xcbase-pdrdisc

PDR throughput of Testpmd - running in configuration of **four worker threads
(4t) on four physical cores (4c)** - is presented in the figure below.

.. raw:: html

    <iframe width="700" height="700" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" src="../../_static/testpmd/64B-4t4c-l2-pdrdisc.html"></iframe>

*Figure 6. Testpmd 4thread 4core - PDR Throughput for Phy-to-Phy L2 Ethernet
Looping.*

CSIT test cases used to generate results presented above can be found in CSIT
git repository by filtering with specified regex as follows:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ csit/tests/perf
    $ grep -E "64B-4t4c-(eth|dot1q|dot1ad)-(l2xcbase|l2bdbasemaclrn)-pdrdisc" *

    10ge2p1x520-eth-l2xcbase-ndrdisc.robot:| tc14-64B-4t4c-eth-l2xcbase-pdrdisc
