..
   Copyright (c) 2021 Cisco and/or its affiliates.
   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at:
..
       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
..
   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


Comment on different models and docs
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Future and 2110
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

CSIT model will evolve as we add and remove features.

During CSIT release 2110 cycle, we are going to focus on one particular
set of features and a specific way to implement them.

The rest of this document does not talk about post-2110 model versions.

Roadmap and deliverables
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

For review process reasons, features are being implemented in a series
of smaller Gerrit changes, even though we may squash them into one
after review, to guarantee PAL does not see too many incremental versions.

Before a feature is implemented, it is broadly described in a document,
let us call it a roadmap. Roadmap document is maintained by Tibor.
Roadmap does not follow detailed versioning scheme, at least not
more fine-grained than "2110".
Roadmap does not specify order in which features are implemented.

Features are mainly implemented by Vratko. Each Gerrit change adding
or tweaking a feature changes semantic version of "model as implemented",
as this version defines the content (JSON files) generated by tests,
to be processed by PAL.

To ease reviewing of the content generating code, the Gerrit change
with the edited code also contains documentation for the current version
of "model as implemented". The code together with the content documentation
is called a deliverable.

There is an overlap between roadmap document and deliverable document.
As currently the roadmap is in an unmerged Gerrit change,
as are the deliverables, it is not easy to cross-link between them.

At the time of 2110 release, all deliverables are merged (or their features
postponed for next release), so there will be no need for 2110 roadmap document.
Currently it is not clear how to de-duplicate roadmap and deliverable documents
while only a part of 2110 deliverables are merged.

Moving targets
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Despite roadmap being intentionally vague in some areas,
it contains example outputs to illustrate the intent.
Such example outputs serve as an initial goal for implementing features,
but quite frequently improvements are found during the implementation.
After discussion, usually the example in the roadmap is updated,
so the new example resembles the implementation more closely.
Of course, it is equally possible that the discussion will conclude
the original example content is better, or that the best content
is some compromise between the original example and (a particular patch set of)
implementation.

In this sense, "the 2110 model" is a moving target, propelled by discussions.
Both the roadmap and the deliverables are usually trailing behind.
As the roadmap and the deliverables approach the (moving) target
from different "sides", it is not easy to de-duplicate the two documentations
before they match exactly. And even then, there is a possibility
of new round of discussion moving the target again, causing both the roadmap
and the deliverables to move after it (at different speeds),
making the two documentations incompatible again.

Currently, Vratko thinks the simplest option is to keep the two documentations
separate (and duplicated), until the implementation is frozen for 2110,
and only then merge the two documentations.
