docs/report/testpmd_performance_tests/packet_latency_graphs/l2.rst, before:

L2 Ethernet Switching
=====================

This section provides a summary of Testpmd Phy-to-Phy L2 Ethernet looping
performance illustrating packet latency measured at 50% of discovered NDR
throughput rate. Latency is reported for Testpmd running in multiple
configurations of Testpmd worker thread(s), a.k.a. Testpmd data plane thread
(s), and their physical CPU core(s) placement.

Title of each graph is a regex (regular expression) matching all plotted
test case throughput measurements.

.. note::

    Data sources for reported test results: i) FD.io test executor jobs
    `csit-dpdk-perf-1701-all <https://jenkins.fd.io/view/csit/job/csit-dpdk-perf-1701-all/>`_
    and
    `csit-dpdk-perf-1701-long <https://jenkins.fd.io/view/csit/job/csit-dpdk-perf-1701-long/>`_
    , ii) archived FD.io jobs test result output files
    `csit-dpdk-perf-1701-all#job-number <https://nexus.fd.io/link>`_.

Testpmd packet latency - running in configuration of **one worker thread (1t) on one
physical core (1c)** - is presented in the figure below.

.. raw:: html

    <iframe width="700" height="700" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" src="../../_static/testpmd/64B-1t1c-l2-ndrdisc-lat50.html"></iframe>

*Figure 1. Testpmd 1thread 1core - packet latency for Phy-to-Phy L2 Ethernet Looping.*

CSIT test cases used to generate results presented above can be found in CSIT
git repository by filtering with specified regex as follows:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ csit/tests/perf
    $ grep -E "64B-1t1c-(eth|dot1q|dot1ad)-(l2xcbase|l2bdbasemaclrn)-ndrdisc" *

    10ge2p1x520-eth-l2xcbase-ndrdisc.robot:| tc01-64B-1t1c-eth-l2xcbase-ndrdisc

Testpmd packet latency - running in configuration of **two worker threads (2t)
on two physical cores (2c)** - is presented in the figure below.

.. raw:: html

    <iframe width="700" height="700" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" src="../../_static/testpmd/64B-2t2c-l2-ndrdisc-lat50.html"></iframe>

*Figure 2. Testpmd 2thread 2core - packet latency for Phy-to-Phy L2 Ethernet Looping.*

CSIT test cases used to generate results presented above can be found in CSIT
git repository by filtering with specified regex as follows:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ csit/tests/perf
    $ grep -E "64B-2t2c-(eth|dot1q|dot1ad)-(l2xcbase|l2bdbasemaclrn)-ndrdisc" *

    10ge2p1x520-eth-l2xcbase-ndrdisc.robot:| tc07-64B-2t2c-eth-l2xcbase-ndrdisc

Testpmd packet latency - running in configuration of **four worker threads (4t)
on four physical cores (4c)** - is presented in the figure below.

.. raw:: html

    <iframe width="700" height="700" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" src="../../_static/testpmd/64B-4t4c-l2-ndrdisc-lat50.html"></iframe>

*Figure 3. Testpmd 4thread 4core - packet latency for Phy-to-Phy L2 Ethernet Looping.*

CSIT test cases used to generate results presented above can be found in CSIT
git repository by filtering with specified regex as follows:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ csit/tests/perf
    $ grep -E "64B-4t4c-(eth|dot1q|dot1ad)-(l2xcbase|l2bdbasemaclrn)-ndrdisc" *

    10ge2p1x520-eth-l2xcbase-ndrdisc.robot:| tc13-64B-4t4c-eth-l2xcbase-ndrdisc

Commit message:

csit rls1701 report nits and updates: - Completed paragraph for each thput and latency graph in report describing: graphs title, x-axis, y-axis, legend.
Change-Id: Ia45e2da2623b909123f6b3d4abe65e6caf72e058
Signed-off-by: Maciek Konstantynowicz <mkonstan@cisco.com>
(cherry picked from commit 1fcfc9bcc91c9bf9f1ab10fab898efc0d8c1e25f)

docs/report/testpmd_performance_tests/packet_latency_graphs/l2.rst, after:

L2 Ethernet Switching
=====================

This section provides a summary of Testpmd Phy-to-Phy L2 Ethernet looping
performance illustrating packet latency measured at 50% of discovered NDR
throughput rate. Latency is reported for Testpmd running in multiple
configurations of Testpmd worker thread(s), a.k.a. Testpmd data plane thread
(s), and their physical CPU core(s) placement.

*Title of each graph* is a regex (regular expression) matching all plotted
latency test cases, *X-axis labels* are indeces of csit-dpdk-perf-1701 jobs
that created result output files used as data sources for the graph,
*Y-axis labels* are measured packet Latency [uSec] values, and the *graph
legend* identifes the plotted test suites.

.. note::

    Data sources for reported test results: i) FD.io test executor jobs
    `csit-dpdk-perf-1701-all <https://jenkins.fd.io/view/csit/job/csit-dpdk-perf-1701-all/>`_
    and
    `csit-dpdk-perf-1701-long <https://jenkins.fd.io/view/csit/job/csit-dpdk-perf-1701-long/>`_
    , ii) archived FD.io jobs test result output files
    `csit-dpdk-perf-1701-all#job-number <https://nexus.fd.io/link>`_.

Testpmd packet latency - running in configuration of **one worker thread (1t) on one
physical core (1c)** - is presented in the figure below.

.. raw:: html

    <iframe width="700" height="700" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" src="../../_static/testpmd/64B-1t1c-l2-ndrdisc-lat50.html"></iframe>

*Figure 1. Testpmd 1thread 1core - packet latency for Phy-to-Phy L2 Ethernet Looping.*

CSIT test cases used to generate results presented above can be found in CSIT
git repository by filtering with specified regex as follows:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ csit/tests/perf
    $ grep -E "64B-1t1c-(eth|dot1q|dot1ad)-(l2xcbase|l2bdbasemaclrn)-ndrdisc" *

    10ge2p1x520-eth-l2xcbase-ndrdisc.robot:| tc01-64B-1t1c-eth-l2xcbase-ndrdisc

Testpmd packet latency - running in configuration of **two worker threads (2t)
on two physical cores (2c)** - is presented in the figure below.

.. raw:: html

    <iframe width="700" height="700" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" src="../../_static/testpmd/64B-2t2c-l2-ndrdisc-lat50.html"></iframe>

*Figure 2. Testpmd 2thread 2core - packet latency for Phy-to-Phy L2 Ethernet Looping.*

CSIT test cases used to generate results presented above can be found in CSIT
git repository by filtering with specified regex as follows:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ csit/tests/perf
    $ grep -E "64B-2t2c-(eth|dot1q|dot1ad)-(l2xcbase|l2bdbasemaclrn)-ndrdisc" *

    10ge2p1x520-eth-l2xcbase-ndrdisc.robot:| tc07-64B-2t2c-eth-l2xcbase-ndrdisc

Testpmd packet latency - running in configuration of **four worker threads (4t)
on four physical cores (4c)** - is presented in the figure below.

.. raw:: html

    <iframe width="700" height="700" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" src="../../_static/testpmd/64B-4t4c-l2-ndrdisc-lat50.html"></iframe>

*Figure 3. Testpmd 4thread 4core - packet latency for Phy-to-Phy L2 Ethernet Looping.*

CSIT test cases used to generate results presented above can be found in CSIT
git repository by filtering with specified regex as follows:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ csit/tests/perf
    $ grep -E "64B-4t4c-(eth|dot1q|dot1ad)-(l2xcbase|l2bdbasemaclrn)-ndrdisc" *

    10ge2p1x520-eth-l2xcbase-ndrdisc.robot:| tc13-64B-4t4c-eth-l2xcbase-ndrdisc
